So we'll use Firebase in this course and therefore you can simply google for firebase to go to Firebase
dot google dot com.
And there you need a Google account to log in and go to the console.
Now in this console you can create projects and we will create such a project.
And that project that includes a database but also gives us that API to which we will communicate from
inside our eye on a gap.
Now you can choose any name you want I'll choose ionic angular corners here but you can choose any product
you want.
You can leave the outer default settings here if you want.
You need to check both boxes here and there after you can click Create project and notice will set up
a new firebase project for you.
Now this is of course not a firebase course firebase has a lot of features and most features will not
use in this course.
You can of course dive into the firebase stocks if you want to do more with it will focus on the database.
And later will also add the storage to store images to upload images and authentication.
But for now the database will do so here in the database.
You set up the database which firebase will use behind the scenes when you communicate with its the
rest api.
Now when you open this you first of all see the cloud fire store but we'll actually use the easier real
time database here.
So click on Create database here on real time database and start in test mode which basically gives
everyone read and write access which is not what you want to use in production but which is perfect
right now for testing and will make these rules stricter later once we add authentication and click
enable here and this will now set up this far Bayes database and it automatically shows you do you are
L here to which you have to send requests later to store data in that database.
And that is that rest api is giving you.
So first things first.
We have this setup now in the next lecture.
Let's actually use that you are L to store places we create here in the database.